> question:`
Given an asyncronous function fn and a time t in milliseconds, return a new time limited version of the input function.`

> A time limited function is a function that is identical to the original unless it takes longer than t milliseconds to fullfill. In that case, it will reject with "Time Limit Exceeded".  Note that it should reject with a string, not an Error.
```ts
type Fn = (...params: any[]) => Promise<any>;

function timeLimit(fn: Fn, t: number): Fn {
	return async function(...args) {
        return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
            const timeout = setTimeout(() => {
                  reject("Time Limit Exceeded");
            }, t);
          fn(...args)
            .then(resolve)
            .catch(reject)
            .finally(() => clearTimeout(timeout));
        })
    }
};



```

Use-cases for Time Limit
Long Running Processes
You may have code which repeats over and over again. A common example of this would be loading data into a cache and keeping it in sync with the data source.
```ts
async function repeatProcessIndefinitely() {
  while (true) {
    try {
      await someProcess();
    } catch (e) {
      console.error(e);
    }
  }
}
```
If someProcess were to ever never fulfill, the loop would get frozen and nothing would happen. Forcing someProcess to throw an error would unfreeze the process.

An important consideration is that code in someProcess can still continue executing even if the promise was rejected. So you might have multiple blocks of code executing in parallel. A better solution may be fix the underlying issue which caused the freeze or to implement proper cancellation. Consider solving Design Cancellable Function to implement true cancellation.

To force the promise someProcess() returns to reject after an hour:

const ONE_HOUR_IN_MS = 3600 * 1000;
const timeLimitedProcess = timeLimit(someProcess, ONE_HOUR_IN_MS);
Notify Users of Failure
Imagine a user requested to download a file which you expect should take less than 10 seconds to download. If the download is taking too long, rather than let the user wait, it may be better to just give up and show the user an error message.

Similar to the first use-case, this really should only be done as a last resort. It's likely better to implement a loading indicator and/or fix the underlying issue causing the slowness.

Approach 1: Call Function Inside New Promise
We can create a new Promise that resolves as soon as the passed function resolves or rejects. This essentially emulates the passed function without effecting it at all. To satisfy the requirement, all we have to do is add a setTimeout which can force the promise to reject prematurely.

```ts
type Fn = (...params: any[]) => Promise<any>;

function timeLimit(fn: Fn, t: number): Fn {
  return async function(...args) {
    return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
      setTimeout(() => {
        reject("Time Limit Exceeded");
      }, t);
      fn(...args).then(resolve).catch(reject);
    })
  }
};

```