<!-- https://leetcode.com/problems/chunk-array/editorial/

 -->



 Parallel Processing:

In parallel computing or distributed systems, data is often divided into chunks and processed simultaneously by multiple processors or nodes. Chunking the data allows for efficient distribution and parallel execution of tasks, improving overall performance.
## Image Processing:

In image processing applications, large images are often divided into smaller blocks or tiles to enable processing and analysis at a more granular level. Each tile can be independently processed, allowing for parallelization and efficient utilization of computational resources.
## Data Analysis and Aggregation:

When dealing with large datasets, it can be beneficial to divide the data into smaller chunks for analysis and aggregation purposes. This approach allows for parallel or distributed processing, enabling faster data processing and efficient resource utilization.
## File Upload and Transfer:

When uploading or transferring large files, the data is typically sent in smaller chunks to handle potential network limitations and ensure reliable delivery. The receiving end can process each chunk independently and reassemble them to reconstruct the original file.

### Approach 2: Using Slicing
Intuition:
We can use the slice method to extract a chunk of the input array based on the current index and the specified size. The slice method creates a shallow copy of the portion of the array starting from the current index up to the current index plus the chunk size. The chunk is then added to the chunked array, and the index is incremented by the chunk size. This process continues until all elements are processed.

Algorithm:
We can iterate through the array using a while loop.
After iterating add the sliced chunk to the chunkedArray using arr.slice(index, index + size).
Now increment the index by the size after each iteration.
After incrementing continue until the end of the array is reached.
Finally, return the chunkedArray.
In summary: We can use the slice method to extract chunks from the array based on the index and size.

```Typescript

/**
 * @param {Array} arr
 * @param {number} size
 * @return {Array[]}
 */
function chunk(arr: any[], size: number): any[][] {
  const chunkedArray: any[][] = [];
  let index = 0;

  while (index < arr.length) {
    chunkedArray.push(arr.slice(index, index + size));
    index += size;
  }

  return chunkedArray;
}
```