This question asks you to write a function that modifies a function such that it can only be called once. This is an example of a higher-order function.

## Example Use-cases of Functions That Modify Functions
Functions that modify or extends the behavior of functions are extremely common in JavaScript and are a key concept in functional programming. It is critical to fully understand them to be an effective developer.

They are very useful for writing elegant, reusable code, and have a variety of use-cases, a few of which will be discussed.

## Throttle
Imagine you were implementing a search field. Querying the database for results every single time a character is typed could put unnecessary load on the database and the user interface. To prevent this, you could employ a technique known as throttling. By throttling the function responsible for sending requests to the database, we ensure that only a limited number of requests are sent per second, thereby optimizing system performance.

## Memoize
A common optimization is to never call a pure function with the same inputs twice. Instead you can avoid the computation by just returning the previously cached result. This is also an important concept in dynamic programming. Benefitting from this optimization could be as simple calling memoize() on the function. memoizee is popular package for this.

## Time Limit
Suppose you have a long running process that repeats itself (like syncing data from a database to an in-memory cache). If for some reason, an asynchronous function never returns a value (or takes a very long time), that process will become frozen. To guarantee that never happens, you could wrap the asynchronous functions used with time limits.

### Use-cases for Only Allowing One Function Call
The simple answer is it useful for initialization logic. You may have a function that initializes a cache (for example, load a file into memory) and you want to guarantee it only loads once.

You might be wondering, why not just simply avoid calling the function more than once, it's your code after all? Well for one, it's still nice to have that guarantee. But there are also cases where you may want perform the initialization logic lazily.